Deprecate package (#155)
dwavesystems/penaltymodel: README.rst

:warning: *penaltymodel* is deprecated. For solving problems with constraints,
    we recommend using the hybrid solvers in the Leap :tm: service. You can find

>     documentation for the hybrid solvers at https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    documentation for the hybrid solvers at https://docs.dwavequantum.com/en/latest/ocean/.
```
